Once you choose hope, anything is possible
Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved
A positive attitude gives you power over your circumstances instead of your circumstances having power over you.
Keep yourself busy if you want to avoid depression. For me, inactivity is the enemy
Maybe you have to know the darkness before you can appreciate the light.
There are far, far better things ahead than anything we leave behind
Ring the bells that still can ring. Forget your perfect offering. There is a crack, a crack in everything. That's how the light gets in.
I’m stronger because I had to be, I’m smarter because of my mistakes, happier because of the sadness I’ve known, and now wiser because I learned
Only trust someone who can see these three things in you: The sorrow behind your smile, the love behind your anger, and the reason behind your silence.
"We must understand that sadness is an ocean, and sometimes we drown, while other days we are forced to swim" -R.M. Drake
It's going to get harder before it gets easier. But it will get better. You just have to make it through
To that one soul reading this, I know you're tired. You're fed up. You're so close to breaking. But there's strength within you, even when you are weak. Keep fighting"
You either get bitter, or you get better. You either take what's been dealt to you and allow it to make you better, or you allow it to tear you down
An arrow can only be shot by pulling it backward. So when life is dragging you back with difficulties, it means that it's going to launch you into something great
Grief never ends...but it changes. It's a passage, not a place to stay. Grief is not a sign of weakness, nor a lack of faith... it is the place of love
Sometimes when things are falling apart they may actually be falling into place
Sometimes life doesn't give you something you want, not because you don't deserve it, but because you deserve more
Whoever is trying to bring you down, is already below you 
